c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\DealNews.exe.config
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\DealNews.exe
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\DealNews.pdb
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Ads.Common.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Dfp.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\log4net.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\OAuth2.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Zlib.Portable.dll
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Ads.Common.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.pdb
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Dfp.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\log4net.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\OAuth2.pdb
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Zlib.Portable.xml
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\obj\Release\DealNews.exe
c:\users\sgagn\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\obj\Release\DealNews.pdb
C:\Users\sgagn\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DealNews\DealNews\obj\Release\DealNews.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\DealNews.exe.config
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\obj\Release\DealNews.exe
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\obj\Release\DealNews.pdb
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\DealNews.exe
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\DealNews.pdb
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\BouncyCastle.Crypto.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Ads.Common.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Dfp.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\log4net.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\OAuth2.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Zlib.Portable.dll
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\BouncyCastle.Crypto.pdb
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Ads.Common.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.pdb
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.pdb
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.Core.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.pdb
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Apis.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Google.Dfp.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\log4net.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\OAuth2.pdb
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\bin\Release\Zlib.Portable.xml
C:\Projects\hearst\DealNews\DealNews\obj\Release\DealNews.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
